Go was developed by Google in 2007 
It was open-sourced in 2009
 Why was created?
 Why is it created and why is it better?
 Go or also called "Golang"
Infrastructure changed a lot
   - Scalable & Distributed
   - Dynamic
   - More Capacity
Existing Programming Languages did not fully take advantage of it

With in improvements it was possible to write apps that would execute tasks in parallel
Multi-threading concept. It makes apps fast and simple but also comes with it's own set of issues
For example, Concurrency:
Concurrency is about dealing with lots of things at once
 Developers need to write code to prevent conflicts
     when tasks run in parallel,accessing shared data. 
     Examples: Google docs(Editing same doc by two users) or Ticket booking where two people wanna book the last ticket
Programming langs either have built in or Non builtin Concurrency mechanisms but the code is complex
Expensive and slow.
This is where GO outshines. Go is designed to run on multiple cores and built to support Concurrency
It is also cheap and easy in GO.
So, Some main Use cases of GO would be:
To write applications that need to be performant
And will run on modern scaled and distributed Infrastructure or systems with 100s of servers typically on cloud platform.

Charactteristics of GO:
The Language attempts to combine the best of two worlds by using simple and easy to write/read syntaxes like in python and the efficiency and safety of low-level static lang like C++.
Go is mostly used on Server or Backend side(Web,Microservices or DB services)
Many cloud technologies or technologies that run on modern cloud environments are written in Go. Example: Docker or Kubernetes or Vault 
Simple syntax, so easy to read and maintain over time
Go apps can be built very fast,start up and run.
It is also Resource Efficient. Requires fewer resources
It is also a Compile Language. i.e Compiles quickly into a single binary code and deploy and run it on any platform or OS easily in a consistent way. Same binary across any platform

Due to all this simplicity and speed, GO is becoming popular to write automation app or CLO for devops or SRE.

Running the Go Program:
First, we need to create a Go.mod file that is making it a project
In GO, everything works in Packages. 

Working with slices is much efficient and better as it is dynamic 
We dont have to keep track of the indices too. We just use the Append function which is in-built
Adding or updating values to slices is different but the semantics or syntax of retrieving the value is same as array